All right. What we got next?
>> This is going um ground advantage.
>> Maybe I should come up with a really
catchy title. This is the only way to
pack car floor mats.
You challenge them. Oh yeah, I'll tell
you a thing or two, sir.
It's just a fact that I think Facebook
requires a certain amount of rage bait.
Yeah, I know.
>> I don't even like doing that really.
>> It's ridiculous.
>> Sometimes I make rage bait and I don't
even know it though.
>> Everything has to be fantastic.
>> I don't like sometimes I make rage bait
and I don't even like usually when I
make rage bait, it was unintentional
though.
>> Yeah.
>> Where is this going? Or where' we sell
this? We sold this
>> Poshmark. It's going ground advantage.
>> Okay. I'm going to use one of those um
they're like 12 128 boxes. That's what
we're going to go with here.
All right.
That's fun. I haven't Man, I It's true.
I have not put a short up in for a
packing short up in forever. And they
kill.
>> Mhm.
>> They do well. Like they don't all kill,
but they all do pretty well. And some of
them do super super well. So yeah, of
course.
Duh.
Something's working. Keep doing it.
The packing channel.
The packing channel subscribers. Ever
since, if y'all been watching these for
a while, y'all know that uh back in
November,
we filmed one of those those kind of
videos like we just did there
and
it blew up. It got 6 million over 6
million views.
>> Yeah, it was nice that it was right
before Christmas.
>> Oh, it was great. It was like we made
about $1,000 on it. Even though like
shorts typically don't make anything.
Well, when I say it was nice because you
wrote it before Christmas, I think that
helped the views for people like looking
up how to package gifts, you know, like
>> you you had told me that and I actually
added some keywords and stuff to it.
>> Yeah.
>> Based on that. So, I think I think that
helped. I think you're right. But, um,
that sucker blew up. I like I've never
had anything that good before.
And, um,
I did this upside down.
It's fine.
It's fine. Everything's fine.
>> But we got a we got a bunch of uh new
subscribers on I'm going to pack it.
>> Yeah.
>> And now they're leaving.
>> Because they weren't they ain't come
here.
>> They're looking for magic tricks.
>> They ain't come here for all this.
>> Yeah.
>> Like whoa. I don't I don't want you I
don't want to watch you talk and pack
and stuff all day.
>> I wanted some more magic.
>> Right. So, all right.
Lamont.
There's a name.
>> Mhm.
>> I like that.
>> Which show is that?
>> Sanford and Sun.
>> Yep.
The original resellers.
>> That's right. That's pretty awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> Lamont.
>> I bet he never hears the end of that,
huh? Yeah.
>> I mean, how many times do you think that
guy hears references to that show? You
be like, "H, never heard that one
before." Haha.
>> Right. You know, it must get so old.
Let's see.
Yeah.
19 and a half.
That's what I'm going with here. Man,
Candace, I've done
>> You're resizing king today.
>> This is kind of awesome because I
haven't been doing it very much lately.
No,
>> we we've been kind of
>> I don't even What happened? Car
>> selling some weird size stuff. Tennis
racket.
>> Yeah.
>> Two pack action figures. Car mats.
>> Yeah. That's awesome.
>> I don't know. It just seems like
everything's huge today. That's good
though cuz like the big stuff leave the
larger. Not that this is huge. I'm not
saying that. But this particular
>> room for other stuff.
>> We're making room. That's right.
>> Okay.
This is why I'm This is also why I'm
glad like we haven't felt it necessary
to get rid of UPS. And I hope we never
do because it really we like we feel
really comfortable buying any size of
thing as long as we feel like it's worth
worth, you know, our time and trouble,
>> right?
>> Just knowing that we don't have to run
out. I hate going out to bring packages
anyway. I do. And we pretty much have at
least one UPS thing every day.
>> That's right.
>> A lot of days it's pro probably three is
our average.
>> Yeah. It's not a ton, but man, the time
the time and effort that we save by
paying that $12 a week.
Absolutely worth it.
>> Yep.
>> Totally worth it.
Candace, you know those little raspberry
pies?
>> Yeah, they're delicious.
>> No, you know what I'm talking about.
>> Yeah.
>> The um
I bought two Raspberry Pi fives probably
about a year ago.
>> Mhm.
>> 80 bucks,
>> right?
>> Them thing selling for I can sell my
Raspberry Pies right now. Those that
model, it's 8 gigabyte model.
>> Mhm. for like 180 bucks.
>> Are you going to do it?
>> I don't know because like
>> do you need two of them?
>> I don't No, I don't even need one
honestly. Like I don't even mess with
them. Actually, I have three. I've got
two Raspberry Pi Fives in the standard
form factor like you know on the little
board like that. And I've got a
Raspberry Pi 500
which is like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Do I need all these? No. I should
probably just keep the 500 and sell the
two other ones. Huh.
>> That was a good investment.
>> I It wasn't supposed to be. I was
supposed to do something with it. I
never did.
>> Yeah, I should sell those.
>> At least sell one and keep one.
>> No, I could sell them both because like
I said, I have another one. And I have
Raspberry Pi Zeros. I have Raspberry Pi
uh Picos. Like I don't need all this
stuff. Yeah,
>> I have enough to tinker with and have
fun.
So, I you know what? I could sell those
two Raspberry Pies and get like $350. I
need to do that.
>> Yeah.
I wonder why the market went up on them.
Aren't they hard to get?
>> Uh because of uh AI.
>> Yeah. AI is causing a run like a massive
run on computer components.
>> Oh. of all sorts, especially
the especially on RAM, like DDR RAM and
like if you have I have like the mid the
midlevel Raspberry Pi 5, they made a 16
gig. Those are selling for close to
$300.
>> Whoa.
>> Now they they cost a little more when
they released, but not
>> like that's those people are really
cleaning up. people that have stock of
those.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. SSDs
and even hard drives. Spinning hard
drives. Prices on those.
AI data centers are sucking everything
up. All memory also.
>> So, is it worth looking for used
computer parts at garage sales and
stuff?
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> To strip them down.
>> I do. I I look at them. Yeah. But yeah,
absolutely. there like prices like
Yeah, prices are stupid,
>> huh?
>> Yep. So, yeah, there's a reselling
opportunity. That's that's one of the
reasons I was bringing it up.
>> Uh there are definitely reselling
opportunities that may not have made
sense 6 months ago. It's like
excellent resize. By the way, I'll show
you in a minute.
Probably cutting I'm pro all this is
probably getting cut off after I resize.
>> Yeah,
>> I don't like to cut it off until I
resize because
this makes a nicer guide for my resizer
than if I have a edge that I cut
and use a factory edge to guide it.
Man, I'm getting the work in today, huh?
>> Yes. I like that. It's fun.
>> Okay,
this is what it's all about.
Oh, Rev Resale.
Rev Resale. They had I think 17.
You better back up.
>> I don't know why I always do. It's not
like you're like
>> Well, yeah. Whoa. You almost
Well, I guess it could come flying out
of my hand. Maybe.
>> Maybe. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
I mean, nobody predicts a freak
accident, you know. I guess anything's
possible. But Rev Resale, they they they
were garage sale or estate sailing or
something, I think on Thursday
in their latest video, and they had like
17 orders to get out.
>> Do you want any of this for the bottom?
>> Uh, no, I don't think so. I I left
myself enough room to put a little void
fill. Man, they
Oh, Rev got back. They got back and they
had like they they have they do they
ship every day during the week.
Man, they had like 17 orders going out
and they only had about 30 minutes to
pack
before they had to leave to bring them
to the post office.
>> Rev got it done and
>> mostly vinyl.
>> Most Yeah, it looked like a lot of
vinyl, but they had a few other things,
too. It nothing real difficult though,
obviously.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, Rev and Nikki T, they knocked that
out, man.
>> Nice.
>> And then you know what he did at the
end?
He said, "Old Lonnie still Lonnie be
starting the third one." I got all those
done. Old Lonnie be starting the the
third one probably.
>> Cuz I'm on a roll. I heard you.
>> Is this the last one?
>> That's it.
>> Goodness. We are just too good. Lonnie
would have still been taping the third
box.
Hey, and I couldn't I can't argue.
>> Yeah,
>> I ain't packing vinyl though. Rev.
>> I wonder why they don't do a daily
pickup.
>> Uh
I think there's some He discussed that
in one another video. Um, I think they
like getting out of the house and just
they they go they like doing their
little trip to the post office every day
or what? I don't know.
>> Or maybe they don't like
>> to them cuz I hate going to the post
office.
>> I do too.
>> Or maybe they just Yeah, maybe they like
may and they I think they probably like
seeing the people at the post office.
And the Rev is a a local
pastor. Probably probably not the worst
idea in the world for him to get out out
and about town and have a little
FaceTime.
>> Are they Are they kind of in a small
town?
>> A what?
>> Small town.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know. I think it's just a thing
they do.
>> No, just curious.
>> Yeah, I am too.
>> Like if they were if they lived really
rural and couldn't or you know.
>> I don't I think they live rural, but I
don't think it's like really rural.
>> Kind of like we are.
>> Yeah. Maybe. Or maybe a little smaller
than where we live in the metropolitan
area anyway.
>> Maybe like a Mayberry. That's the way I
picture it. I don't know. I'll have to
ask.
>> Why? Cuz he wears overalls.
>> Yeah, that's it.
>> No,
I don't know. It just seems like a I I
get a small town vibe.
>> I need a measuring tape.
>> Here you go.
But yeah, Rev's over there packing his
vinyl and all this other little little
easy stuff.
>> Trash talking you. Yeah, he was playing
around. I'm not. Trust me, Rev and I are
thick as thieves.
>> Oh, I know.
>> Actually, it was his little way of
giving us a shout out. I like it. I dig
it.
Also, I'm slow. That's a fact. Let's not
lose Let's not lose sight of the fact
that what he said was true,
>> right?
>> Whoa. What' you say?
>> I mean I mean, how dare he? Yes. Thank
you.
>> Wait till I see him.
>> Yeah. My my lady has supposed to have my
back here.
>> I got a beef with the rev now.
>> No, you don't. Don't start. No more
beefs. We're not doing that. That is
played out. Everybody's sick of it. They
don't even think it's slightly funny.
We didn't have to agree with them quite
so quickly and enthusiastically. Oh,
here's a re here's a pack Rev would do
fast. This is what This is a Rev pack.
>> How you going to resize for that?
>> I'm not. I'm gonna hurry up. Rev. Rev
got me on the clock. Rev. Rev. Clock
watching.
>> Don't forget to sign.
>> Oh yeah. Whoa. Whoa. I'm hurrying, Rev.
I'm a hurrying, Rev.
>> 20 seconds.
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on now. All
right.
All right. Licky T.
I'm messing.
All right. All right. I'm hurrying. Real
>> is the T. Must be her middle initial,
huh?
>> Her maiden name, probably. I don't I'm
not sure.
All I know is that that's Nikki T.
One piece of tape. Whoa, I'm Rev. I'm
fast. There we go.
>> There's another fast one.
>> Okay, I'm not going to do that anymore.
Rev. I don't know how you do it, man.
I'm wore out.
>> I know. We need to take a break. Another
break.
I hope Rev gets a kick out of that. And
Nikki T. Nikki T wasn't talking trash
though. It's just Rev.
All right.
We have had days where all of our orders
were like easy packs. Mhm.
>> And we do fly. When when it's easy
stuff, we go through it. Maybe not quite
as fast as 17 and 1/2 hour. That's a
lot.
>> Yeah.
>> I think that's what it was.
I think we've done 20 something in an
hour before
on real easy stuff. The only thing that
slows you down is resizing.
>> Yeah,
weird shaped stuff. I mean, we got an
order today already. Good order, don't
get me wrong.
Giving these a quick How you doing with
the duster?
It's sitting on the shelf for a pretty
good while.
Yep. This duster works okay, but there's
another one. Somebody was shopping for a
duster recently. Oh, Project Farm, which
is a channel I watch from time to time.
Can some Can I Can I do a ground
advantage here?
>> Um,
>> cuz that'll let me use a ground
advantage box.
>> Sure, go for it.
>> All right.
Make sure this Yeah, they'll fit. uh
Project Farm. He does a he he tests he
does a lot of tool testing. Mostly
tools, but he'll do other stuff, too.
Mostly tools, though.
>> And uh he actually after we bought that
duster, probably like a a week or two
after.
>> Yeah.
>> Old Project Farm does a
>> review comparison type.
>> His videos are fantastic. He comes up
with these uh testing criteria that are
really unique and he builds like testing
testing uh rigs, custom testing rigs
sometimes depending on what he's doing.
And uh yeah, the one we bought is not
the best one. Not the best value.
There's another one.
And I somebody asked me about about the
duster in the uh a little blower thing
or whatever you call it. What is that
called? a blower or duster?
>> I don't remember. I think it's a duster.
Electronic duster.
>> Electronic duster.
>> It's basically to take the place of the
old canned duster, you know.
>> Yeah.
Somebody in the water cooler asked me
about it. And
I was like, "Yeah, I mean, we have this
one and we like it, but I would go watch
this video cuz it dropped." And he said,
"Thanks." and he bought the one that
Project Farm basically he Project Farm
doesn't really recommend because
>> just the one he found was better,
>> right?
Because he he Project Farm will he'll
he'll test them. He'll test the $30 one
all the way up to the $500 one in the
same test. So, it's up to you to
determine,
>> you know, what what value is good for
you.
>> Yeah. or how much performance do you
have to have and how much money do you
want to spend or whatever,
>> right?
>> But the one that end up man the one that
he that project farm basically
recommended in my opinion is awesome.
>> And so that's the one he bought.
>> That's the one they bought. Yeah. And
they love it. And I was like, man, I
wish we would have
>> if he would have just done that video a
few weeks prior.
>> Right.
Project Farm is a channel I trust his
opinion on. He's very good.
He kills it on YouTube, too. Like such a
good channel.
It's almost like a modern version of
Consumer Reports.
That's a like
>> Yeah,
>> man. You remember that?
Consumer Reports. They were constantly
advertising that magazine everywhere.
>> Mhm.
>> And everybody went used it for Yeah.
>> I wonder if they were ever dirty.
>> Oh, I'm sorry.
>> companies ever like paid them
>> to give them a little better review.
>> It's hard to It's hard to imagine that
didn't happen sometimes,
>> right?
>> Even if the magazine itself
wasn't behind it. an indiv. All they had
to do is get to an individual writer.
>> Yep.
>> Where did the Poshmark as well?
>> eBay.
>> Oh, this eBay.
You got to wonder how much of that kind
of content back in the day on TV was all
look like it was all objective and was
all bought paid for,
>> right?
>> You know,
>> or what about the the TV the commercials
that have the fake doctors
>> and then the little bitty print it would
say not doctor. Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's like not a real doctor. So,
what's the charade?
>> Paid actor. Yeah.
>> All right. Couldn't find a real doctor
to say that,
>> right?
>> Wonder why not.
One place I could actually speed up
though
is on the taping sometimes. Sometimes
I'm just going to use more tape.
>> Yeah. Especially a heavy package. Yeah.
>> But like a package like this
going tape to tape is fine. Just one
>> right one time around. Especially with
the 3 in,
you know, like that's all you need.
Anything more than that just kind of
wasteful. All right, nice long break
again. I did I did a couple of listings
and Candace
had to bring my mother to an
appointment. Let's see.
Got a buck knife pack in here.
Think
you're all done with box reserizing.
Hopefully
>> good. Cuz it's been a lot today. I know.
I like doing it. It's fun. All that
stuff, but
I really need to get to listing some
more stuff. I did list a couple of Oh,
Candace was out. I listed a couple of
$80 paperback book lots. That's those
are good.
>> That uh John Dixon car.
>> Yeah. So,
pretty well, no, I've got a couple more
hard covers of his, but I'm pretty much
finished
with him.
Yeah, we we bought a some books and it
was like the ultimate John Dixon car
collection.
>> Yeah, it's pretty awesome. Oh, look.
These are a couple of Mary's Mumus.
Bubbles up.
We had an interesting thing happen the
other day with USPS. Our carrier is
actually being really good. Like we
>> Mhm.
>> We you as y'all probably know, we lost
our We had a carrier for a pretty good
while.
>> Very good carrier. great carrier.
>> Y
>> and um she retired and u we got a new
one and she's really good too. Like
she's very conscientious and does a good
job for us.
Really appreciate that.
>> Yeah, we've been so lucky to have two
good carriers back to back.
>> And um most of her most of her relief
drivers or whatever when for her days
off have been solid too.
>> Yep.
Um, so
and I, you know, I hate to say good
things like that because, you know,
tempting fate or whatever, like maybe
it's going to be bad from now on, but
also like we we complain enough whenever
USPS is bad or we complain about rates
and blah blah blah, all that stuff,
right?
that whenever there is good stuff, I
like to at least mention it because
there are some good things.
And a lot of a lot of the employees are
good.
A lot of the issues aren't necessarily
their fault.
So,
>> yeah, they can't control the cost of
postage. No, no. They probably catch a
lot of heat for that too cuz like people
are
>> I can imagine
>> people are already kind of been out of
shape about the price of postage
>> and imagine somebody not being out of
touch like they don't ship things and
they need to like send their kid off at
college or something and stroll up in
the post office to ship something out,
>> right? And they get mad at the employee.
>> Yep.
But man, when you go in that lobby and
you pay retail rates,
those retail rates are like crazy.
>> That's really crazy.
>> I get it. They don't want people They
really don't want people in the lobby.
>> I know.
>> That's the truth.
I don't blame them.
There's a lot of people that just don't
have they just don't ship stuff often
enough and they just don't
>> Yeah.
>> They're just not going to do that, you
know?
and they get charged a premium
and they don't even know it though. You
know, that's the bad part. They don't
know there's another way they could
ship,
>> right? They have no clue.
I've on the the occasions where I have
gone to the post office and I see
somebody doing that, I always have to
stop myself.
>> I know. Did you know about that?
>> Did you know you're like who? Like I
don't have the I don't have the time or
energy to go educate all, you know,
people in a line that probably don't
even want to hear it anyway. They just
want to make
>> they probably think you have something
in it for you. That's how people think
nowadays. Somebody can't do anything
just to be nice.
>> All right. And that's why I don't even I
I just keep my mouth shut.
Try and get in and out.
It just Oh, it's really bad at UPS
store, man. Oh,
people bring stuff in there and then
they end up like not even boxed.
>> But you know what? If when you walk into
a place without a box, even you're going
to you got to expect they're going to
>> they're going to
>> they're going to get you,
>> right?
I need to ship this thing, you know.
>> I need to ship this big troller motor
with wires hanging everywhere,
>> right? She saw that one, huh?
>> Shoot. If it wasn't for uh Amazon
returns, that UPS store probably
wouldn't even be open.
>> Yeah,
>> that's all their business, it seems
like.
>> I know. Like there are some people that
drop off like us, but
I'd say I I don't know what the
percentage is, but it's a lot.
Probably like It seems when I go in
there, it seems like about 75% of the
people are in there are doing returns.
>> Yep.
>> For Amazon.
Oh, you get you're filling up my uh 2
in.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you.
>> Is this what you're using right now?
Sure Max.
>> What? whatever whatever is down there. I
haven't bought 2-in tape in years.
>> Yeah.
>> But I already had a bunch on hand,
>> right?
>> Of different brands and whatnot. So,
and whenever we run out of that, we'll
go we'll go ahead and buy the
>> blah blah
>> my go-to 2 in as well. Although I mean
it really we usually use the 2 in for
just like
>> non-critical,
>> right? Tapeing on bubble wrap and stuff
like that
>> and it lasts forever. Yep.
>> Those rolls.
All right.
What's their name? Anker.
>> Something like that.
>> It says O N K E R.
>> Yeah. I don't know how to pronounce it.
>> Thank you. Ancher.
Interesting name.
Oh, I've got a weird name, so I can't I
uh You tell me. Do I?
>> I don't think so.
>> You don't think Lonnie is a weird name?
The only time I found it weird whenever
it was um the name of a female actress,
>> Lonnie Anderson.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. RIP.
>> She's dead, right?
>> I think so.
>> Yeah.
It's It's crazy how many of these u
actors
that we watch as kids. Like it sneaks up
on you, man. Time does. And you're like,
man, they're all gone. Yep.
>> You know who's still with us though? Oh
man, I hope I don't jinx him. I'll knock
on wood for you, buddy. U
Dick Van Djk.
>> Oh yeah,
>> that guy is old now.
I used to love the Dick Dan Dick Dick
Dan Dick. I mean, it's hard to say. Dick
Dick Van Dyke show. Did you like that
show ever?
>> I don't think I ever watched it. It used
to be on u in the 90s. I would watch it
on Nick at Night.
>> Yeah. No, I don't think so.
>> Pretty good show with Mary Tyler Moore.
>> Yeah.
>> With his wife.
Oh, you know, you remember back back in
those days, man, they used to rerun all
kind of stuff.
>> Mhm.
>> They didn't have all these new new
reality shows and all that stuff,
>> right?
or YouTube.
Nick at Night used to be it was pretty
cool for a time there.
I think they had their own TV station TV
channel for that at some point. Or maybe
they still do. I don't know.
After the kids go to bed, it's time for
Nick at Night.
It was another one of those shows where
the husband and wife had the separate
beds.
>> Yeah, the two twin beds.
>> Yeah,
that's not something that people really
did, right? Like for the most part.
>> I think that was just for TV, right?
>> Oh, I don't know. I assumed it was.
>> I don't think No, I don't. I think that
was just for TV. Oh,
>> because they didn't want to be
suggestive.
>> Okay. I think I I thought it was a real
thing.
>> I don't know. Maybe in the comments if
y'all are if y'all are of that age.
>> I have to ask my mother about that.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, well, I mean, think about it,
Candace. Well, of course, I I all I know
is from the 70s on.
>> Yeah. Who knows what it was like in the
50s,
>> I think that was a TV thing only.
Who's going to have two beds?
>> They're sitting right next to each
other. Two beds.
>> What's wrong with that?
>> Candace is like, "Yeah, let's do that."
>> Sounds good to me. I'm joking. I'm
joking.
>> We put them on wheels, though.
>> I know. That's the whole issue.
Might tear up your floors pushing them
together.
Oh my gosh.
>> Oh, you're going too fast.
>> You would hope so anyways, right? All
right. Or I would mix.
>> All right. Oh, man. I didn't realize how
much more we still have.
>> This is ground advantage.
>> It's a big packing day here.
>> Yep.
>> What uh platform did this sell on?
>> That was Mari. Okay.
So, is there promotion over now?
>> On the 16th.
>> What's today's date? I don't even know.
>> The 13th.
>> Oh, okay.
>> This month has been crawling for me,
man. That's weird.
>> It has. Yeah.
>> Oh, man. I'm going to try and
try and pack fast like Rev a little bit.
Man, I'm I'm ready to get done with this
stuff
today.
Yeah. You know how like they have those
um those little things whenever someone
passes away, live like whoever.
>> Ours is pack like rib.
Step one,
obtain 5,000 vinyl records,
>> right?
>> I don't know. They seem to be getting a
lot of glass wear lately.
>> Yeah, you need to watch the latest. What
is this? Oh, shoes.
You need to watch the latest one.
>> I do.
>> Well, you I mean, you don't need to.
I guess you don't need to, Candace. If
you don't want to watch Rev Resale,
that's fine. I mean, if if you're saying
I need to, I will because maybe
>> No, it's just funny because
>> maybe it's life changing.
>> It's not life changing. Well, I don't
know. It might be some people.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't I think you're going to
appreciate what I think you're going to
appreciate their conversations about the
glass and the and the vinyl.
Nikki T is trying to buy as much glass
as possible and Rev is trying to buy as
much vinyl as possible.
>> They're trying to corner the market.
Yeah, but
Rev Rev is kicking and screaming on the
glass.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> Remember I used to be like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Like I still am some extent, but
at some point it's like, well, we've
made too much money for me to comp on
this stuff for me to complain about it
anymore.
>> Yeah. You just got to be kind of picky.
Make sure your the profit's there to
make it worth your while,
>> right?
Well, shoot. We made a we made a really
good glass sale a little while ago. So,
>> yep.
$100 worth.
>> It's the best thing we've sold today.
>> Some sales rolling in on eBay.
>> Do we What have we sold on eBay?
>> We started packing. Um, let's see. We
sold a Quickbook
and a Halloween costume. Okay.
>> Magnet.
>> Okay.
>> And some facial serum.
>> All right.
>> I'll take it.
>> The $100 in glassware on Etsy. So,
starting out to be a good day already.
>> All righty.
Ground advantage. I already put the
sticker on. I'm not supposed to.
>> That's fine.
>> That was the right one, huh?
>> I guess. Oh, man. Look at all these
heels. Well, there some big chunky ones
here. That's some booties.
>> What? Uh,
>> Booties. Ground Advantage.
Poshmark.
>> That's Poshmark as well.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. We will use a ground advantage
box.
Yeah. I was just watching their vlog
before you got back.
Did I write my other 80 up there? Yeah,
I did.
Have to try and put some more numbers up
there in a little bit.
Oh man, Mondays are always
>> You never know.
>> We could be packing all day or we could
be packing half a day or
>> Yeah, it's been about It hadn't been
that bad lately.
or sales haven't been that like volume
of sales has not been extremely high
either
plays a role.
Okay.
Dang, this box is so
All right, I got to take this. I can't
let this stand like this. Even though it
doesn't matter other than putting a
little more paper in.
Don't want to void fill it that much.
Heat up
here.
How many more we got?
>> Um, two more.
>> What is it? What platform?
>> Three more.
>> What platform does that sell on?
>> That sold on Poshmark. Okay, I'm going
go with another ground advantage then.
>> Yep.
>> That's your boots.
>> That's my booty ar.
My booties.
>> What was that accent?
>> Was that a pirate accent?
>> That was my pirate accent.
>> It wasn't really though, was it?
>> I don't know.
That's what I would sound like if I were
a pirate.
>> Oh, by the way, that pirate flag we
bought.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Worthless almost. Oh, I figured that.
>> We'll hang it from the front porch.
>> No, we're not. Hanging a pirate flag.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh, I know what I can do with it.
>> What? This is a serious
>> Yes. Donate it to the um Mart crew.
>> Oh, there you go. Where?
>> Holy the skeleton crew.
The mascot of skeletons.
Do they do a Halloween parade?
>> No.
>> You said Halloween, right?
>> I said the Modra crew.
>> They would want that flag on the Marty
girl float.
>> Yeah. Usually there's skeletons all over
it.
All right. I got to pack this really
well.
No shortcuts. Even though it's trying to
get done, now's the time to lock in a
little bit.
Focus.
Y'all are hearing some noise. Our our
neighbors got
>> cutting the grass.
>> They're cutting the grass and they got
like a their mower is like
>> loud.
>> Yeah.
>> I can usually hear it um humming on the
edit. Oh, can you
>> Oh, yeah. It's not too bad usually.
>> That's That's pretty uh bad when uh
that's louder than our window unit, air
condition unit in here.
>> Oh, our air conditioner is like
>> so quiet.
>> It whispers.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
There. So, that's in there.
Might do something like this.
So, this is a good time to use a little
2 in.
>> Mhm.
Little inner package.
>> Yeah.
Let me see something.
That'd be a good float. I can do that.
I don't I don't care if it's if this box
is a little tighter in there. It doesn't
matter.
>> That's a strong box.
>> This?
>> Yeah.
It's going to be
I think this will be this will be just
fine.
They got a lot of room for cushion.
>> Our regular UPS guy is here.
>> Oh, really? Yeah. Okay. I don't know if
you want to go say hello.
>> Yeah, we'll go holler at him real quick.
Okay. Went and talk to the UPS guy. Real
nice guy.
All right. Hadn't seen him. The reason I
wanted to talk to him, hadn't seen him
cuz he he was sick for a couple of days
and then right and then we didn't see
him for a while. I was like, "Oh, man.
>> Thanks." Yeah.
>> I was like, "Oh, man. Hope hope
everything's all right." But
he's a-ok. Okay. He had a vac. He was
sick for a couple of days and then he
had a vacation.
>> Yeah.
>> Glad he's okay. He's a nice guy.
>> Oh yeah. I don't want anybody, Even if
he wasn't a nice guy, I still want him
to be okay. But
>> you understand.
Like I said, this box is a little tight
heightwise, but the the the piece is
floating in the middle anyways,
>> right?
>> Of the box.
>> Where we going with this? Poshmark.
>> Yep.
>> So, long as
>> Oh, yeah. We're fine.
>> Poshmark. We can't go over five pounds.
Well, we can, but we'll have to pay
extra,
>> right? So,
>> we don't want to do that.
Okie dokie.
>> Was that your pirate accent?
>> That's my bend over old man accent.
Bending over to look for something.
You got to
>> do a little grunting. No, we're good
like this.
>> I have a plethora of
>> Oh, scraps.
>> Yeah.
I'm a scrapper.
All right,
that's enough. Okay.
>> All right. Last two things are Etsy.
>> Okay. Oh, yeah. These are cool. These
are some um
these are originals, huh? Or not? No,
probably not. These are prints.
These are just some prints from New
Orleans. I don't know if they're signed
or not. Probably not.
>> It's a pretty uh popular artist that did
them. So,
>> and yeah, they're they have glass or
whatever, but they're
>> they're little.
>> It's fine.
>> I'll wrap them up a little better
than we had them on the shelf. This is
just kind of shelf wrapping.
>> Yep.
I don't need to do anything too
overboard.
I think I'm going to go with a um
What kind of scrap you got?
>> Oh, I got scrap.
>> Prove it. What you got?
>> Oh, wow. I created all that today, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. Well, maybe these two.
>> Yeah, I'm going to do it like a wrap.
Wrap thing
in a wrapper. Go play that.
And we'll put that into a uh one of
those boxes like we just used
>> in a poly bag.
>> Hm.
>> Put it in a poly bag.
>> No, I already posted that. We That was
on this video. I already posted that
short. That's weird to have that short
posted before we even finish the
packing.
>> The full length video.
>> First comment I got was uh and you know
I get it. The um floor mats
the guy said he would just uh bag them.
>> Yeah.
>> Like trash bags or big poly bags or
that's fine.
>> Yeah.
>> I got like that's why I say it's like
very personal. Like for me, if I'm very
seldom going to ship something that's
$100
>> in a bag
>> in a bag. It's It's just not going to
happen that often.
But if I order something like that
myself and it comes in a bag and it's
fine, I'm fine. I don't care
cuz they are just floor mats.
>> They can be damaged. They can, but
that wasn't even really the point of the
video with the item. It was just the,
you know, resizing the box.
>> But yeah, you always have critics.
>> Well, no. And I'm fine with that because
like I'm not complaining about critics.
I'm not
>> Yeah, I know. Everybody has their own
way of doing things,
>> right? I said, you know, everyone I said
something about everyone has to pack to
their own standard. So, I can appreciate
that,
you know.
Like
overpacking can be just as just as dam
just as uh harmful
as underpacking.
It can be could be harmful to your
bottom line.
>> Yep. You know, I overpack.
All right. I pack to my satisfaction.
That's what I do.
I pack well enough to where when
something does get broken, I'm
surprised,
>> right?
>> I'll say that.
>> Yeah.
Doesn't happen very often.
I know. As you're packing
pictures with glass,
>> there's only four panes of glass in
here.
>> What's the worst that could happen?
>> Oh, well, let me tell you.
>> Well, your last item is under your
bench.
>> Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. Uh, this
>> I need another one then.
>> Oh, yeah. We're done, too. Huh?
>> Is a double. Okay. These have been
actually
>> encyclopedias. It's encyclopedias that
we were supposed to have brought to
storage.
We've been claiming we're going to do it
and we just never did. That's fine cuz
we don't have to. Now, what did I do
with my Do I have a Sharpie over there?
>> There's like five over here. So, it's
probably one of these.
>> I think I have zero over here. Can you
hand me one?
Okay,
let's see. Okay, four pounds.
>> All right.
And we do I'm going to take a quick
peek.
>> Just make sure they're I'm think I'm 100
almost 100% they're these are ready to
roll.
All right.
Let me see what I did. I think this
listing is about a month old. And I
think as of right now, I don't think we
have any more encyclopedias in stock, do
we?
>> I don't think so. I think that's it.
>> Yeah, these are these are fully packed,
papered, everything. This was not one of
my better uh encyclopedia buys,
>> right?
>> What' I pay for these? 20, I think.
something like that.
>> I I don't remember.
>> And what I don't remember I mean I don't
even remember what we got for them. I
think we're only going to I think
the end result of this is like we're
paying we're getting like
85 plus ship but then I baked the
shipping in. So,
I think I I set it up to where we should
make at least
I think 65 or 75 gross profit
before fees.
These these suckers are heavy, man.
Batting a thousand on these suckers,
huh?
>> I know.
>> We really do need to make a storage run
cuz even like I really have got to get
some more reels up cuz they were
>> Oh, yeah.
>> They were really selling well.
surprisingly well. Haven't you been
surprised how well they've been selling?
>> I don't know what people are doing with
them, but they like them.
>> Yeah, I'm glad.
I was a little hesitant to list too many
at once, y'all, because we weren't 100%
sure how fast they were going to sell.
Uh, but now that I know I now that we've
experienced some,
I think I'd be I think I'd be confident
getting about 250 more, bringing them
back and put putting up 10 lots.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> I think that would be a good number.
Are you ready to buy some postage?
>> We're doing this on pirate ship, I
guess. Huh?
>> It's up to you.
>> Well, cuz it's on Etsy. Uh,
>> okay. This one's 30. I think they're
both exactly 30.
Or we can tell the good people. Yep,
they're both 30.
So, we can tell the good people goodbye
though out there.
>> Yeah.
>> In this sucker. And we're going to buy
this postage. And that is going to be it
for this one. Thanks so much for
watching. We'll see y'all again very
soon. Bye y'all. Bye.